## Welcome to my data science portfolio, where I personally dive into data that I care about!

Thanks for taking the time to stop by! From an early age, I was absolutely obsessed with watching sports, specifically basketball, football, and soccer. What I found absolutely fascinating, as much as the game itself, was the presentation of real-time statistics that attempted to paint the picture of how the game was going. Yes, I understand that there is much distain against the role that advanced analytics plays within the world of sports (ex. [Charles Barkley's infamous rant](https://youtu.be/NZf9NFaCQHQ?t=166) & [Bill Belichick's claim to have never used an analytics site](https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2021/06/22/bill-belichick-once-again-claims-hes-not-a-fan-of-analytics/). But the outcome of sporting events are ultimately determined by a quantifiable result, so how much of the game can we quantify?

As I grew older, my interests expanded into the world of social causes, another topic I hope to explore. I've been very fortunate to have worked in professional settings where my job was to present gaps, inequities, and potential solutions to executives. I have aspirations to perform similar analysis on humanitarian issues that people across this country and this world face. One visualization that really inspired me to tackle this subject was a [chart produced by BBC/IHME](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/976/cpsprodpb/F6DA/production/_101249136_optimised-chart8-nc.png), depicting the impact of the 1994 Rwandan Genocide on life expectancy.

These are two subjects that are on opposite ends of the spectrum that share a strong commonality, vast amounts of available data that can help inform and facilitate conversation. Think of me as a Nate Silver wannabe, minus the controversial tweeting :)
